Skip to content
Who we are
Who we are
Our global organization
Our approach
Technology and collaborations
Policy
What we do
What we do
Lower-emission transportation
Materials for modern living
Delivering industrial solutions
Energy supply
Reporting and publications
Viewpoints
Careers
Careers
Global
Global selector close button
ExxonMobil Global
North America
Canada
Caribbean - Guatemala
United States
South America
Argentina
Brazil
Colombia
Guyana
Europe
Azerbaijan
Cyprus
Czech Republic
European Union
Finland
France
Germany
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Kazakhstan
Norway
Poland
The Netherlands
Sub-Saharan Africa
Angola
Equatorial Guinea
Mauritania
Mozambique
Namibia
Nigeria
Tanzania
Middle East - North Africa
Egypt
Iraq
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
United Arab Emirates
Asia Pacific
Australia
Chinese mainland
Guam Sub-Cluster
India
Indonesia
Japan
Malaysia
New Zealand
Pakistan
Papua New Guinea
Saipan
Singapore
South Korea
Taiwan
Thailand
Vietnam
Back
Back
Search
Search
Popular searches
Energy forecast
Careers
Oil production
Locations
Sustainability
Suppliers
Play/Pause
Exxon Mobil Corporation
ExxonMobil to announce second quarter 2023 results
View the details and register for the webcast.
Delivering industrial solutions
Reducing emissions in the commercial and industrial sectors will be key to meeting society’s climate goals
Learn more about our solutions
ExxonMobil announces acquisition of Denbury
We’ve entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Denbury, a leading developer of carbon capture, utilization and storage solutions and enhanced oil recovery.
Read the release
Continuing to support a net-zero future
The 2023 Advancing Climate Solutions Progress Report outlines our approach to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions in support of a net-zero future.
Read more about the strategy
ExxonMobil to announce second quarter 2023 results
Delivering industrial solutions
ExxonMobil announces acquisition of Denbury
Continuing to support a net-zero future
scroll down
The need for energy is universal. That's why ExxonMobil scientists and engineers are pioneering new research and pursuing new technologies to reduce emissions while creating more efficient fuels. We're committed to responsibly meeting the world's energy needs.
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM)
4:00pm ET
July 27, 2023
Affordable and sustainable energy solutions are required to advance global prosperity. We invest in technology and communities to bring the world better energy.
Improving energy access
We work to make energy more affordable so more people can benefit from it.
Improving efficiency
From longer-lasting fuels to less intensive operations, we work to make energy work harder.
Mitigating emissions
Reducing our impact is a key component of our approach to managing climate-change risks.
Sustainability
We work with local communities to support long-term economic growth.
Outreach
Our efforts to respect human rights are rooted in a commitment to manage our social and environmental impacts.
Job creation
New ExxonMobil projects create jobs in a variety of fields, in the U.S. and abroad.
Key topics
Our approach
Our approach
Transforming transportation
Continuing to reduce emissions today and into the future
Lower-emission transportation
Viewpoints
The thoughts, experiences and ideas fueling our progress in technology and innovation
Viewpoints
2023 Advancing Climate Solutions Progress Report
Advancing climate solutions progress report
Delivering industrial solutions
Delivering industrial solutions
Materials for modern living
Creating innovative solutions that make modern life possible
Materials for modern living
📅 Tomorrow at 7:30 a.m. CDT
We’re announcing our 2Q 2023 $XOM earnings. Join our earnings call at 7:30 a.m. CDT here: https://t.co/dEyQgNwxZv
July 27, 2023
Twitter link opens in a new window
The official Instagram of ExxonMobil
Instagram link opens in a new window
See more information about ExxonMobil, find and apply to jobs that match your skills, and connect with people to advance your career.
Linkedin link opens in a new window 1
ExxonMobil announces acquisition of Denbury
July 13, 2023
Coral South project in Mozambique ships first LNG cargo, helps meet global demand
Right arrow
Management Committee
Guiding principles
Careers
Career opportunities
Find a service station
Loyalty and payment
Motor oils and other lubricants
Careers
Contact us
Facebook
Instagram
Do not sell my personal information
Privacy center
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions
© Copyright 2003-2023 Exxon Mobil Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree to the storing of optional cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. If you wish to adjust your cookie settings, please click “Customize Cookies”. You can also learn more by clicking
Privacy Policy
Accept all cookies
Privacy preference center
Cookies and your privacy choices
Strictly necessary cookies
Targeting cookies
Functional cookies
Performance and analytics cookies
Cookies and your privacy choices
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers, which may be stored on your device when you visit a website and contains information that is transferred to your computer. This information may be sent back to the website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device, and can help us provide you with a better online experience (for example, by measuring site visits and ensuring visitors can easily find what they are looking for). Cookies may also be used for marketing and advertising purposes.  
You can choose not to allow some types of cookies.  You can either select “Allow All” cookies, or adjust the toggle next the different cookie categories below to either “Active” or “Inactive”; you can always change your cookie choice later on by accessing this menu via the “Privacy center” link at the bottom of our website. Click on the different category headings below to find out more information about each category of cookies and to adjust your settings. Note that the duration of each cookie listed is a default period identified by the cookie, but the actual duration will be subject to your privacy choices. You may periodically be asked to validate your privacy choices again, in accordance with applicable laws. Choosing not to enable some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Strictly necessary cookies
Always active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They may be  set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms, or set by default for security, network management, and accessibility purposes. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but this may cause some parts of the site not to work.
Cookie details‎
Targeting cookies
Targeting cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites, including social media. These cookies uniquely identify your browser and internet device to help advertisers understand your interests. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookie details‎
Functional cookies
Functional cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services you request may not function properly.
Cookie details‎
Performance and analytics cookies
Performance and analytics cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookie details‎
Back Button
Back
Switch Label
label
Switch Label
label
Switch Label
label
View Third Party Cookies
Name
cookie name
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Save my choices
Allow all

URLs:
https://corporate.exxonmobil.com